---
layout: post
title: October
---

Welcome to this edition of my monthly recollection of somewhat everything that I am reading, watching or listening to, among other things that are happening around me.

### Desk Setup ✨
I am pretty excited to finally share my desk setup. This has been about two - three years in the making. It has been an incremental change to how I work and consume content 

Here’s an overview of all the tech that I am currently using:-

1. MacBook Pro 2017: I’m loving this so far although I’d not encourage anyone to get the 2017 model because of the gate issue. It’s a real pain 
2. [Samsung Monitor](https://www.samsung.com/uk/business/business-monitors/business-flat-ls24e45kbsv/ls24e45kbsven/): This monitor is okay, there’s enough real estate to work with. It’s a 1080 display which gives a good view for the right video quality 
3. Magic Mouse: Mixed feelings about this but it works fantastic with the MacBook or Apple ecosystem 
4. Office chair: This should be a must have, I wish I’d gotten this earlier 
5. [Taotronics Headphones](https://www.taotronics.com/products/tt-bh090-active-noise-cancelling-headphone) I have had the same exact headphones for about three years now although the cost a fortune I’m glad they helped out. I’m soon replacing them 
6. Custom Detachable Desk: This is where all the work happens. I was inspired by this desk design and decided to put one together, it’s not perfect but it gets the job done

This was motivated by so many creators and [setups.co]() + [workspaces.xyz]()

### Watching 📺
I enjoyed watching a number of documentaries, series and movies. Finally there has been something worth spending hundreds of hours on.

#### Documentaries 
- [Sierra Leone: The Urgency To Live](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Rx9RFORLddA) 
- [Nepal: The Way Of The Wise](https://youtu.be/w2BuuDHKoKc)

#### Series 
- [Gangs Of London S02](). There has not been much hype about the return of this masterpiece but I had missed the thrill of this, the action wow. I’m sold, I don’t like it took so long. 

- [Abstract Art of Design](). I finally got around to watching this since it had been recommended by almost every creative I know. I must admit it's a must watch for anyone in the creative industry, it is an eye opener

#### Movies
- [Emily The Criminal]() 
- [Hotel Artemis]() 
- [22 Bullets]() 
- [Captain Phillips]()

What have you been watching?




### Listening 🎧

#### Podcasts 
I love how slowly YouTube is becoming my go to place to watch & listen to video podcasts. I love it and I’m slowly getting back to listening to more and more podcasts. I have enjoyed listening to MKBHD's Waveform and Ali Abdaal's Deep Dive Podcast. My fav episode had been 
[MKBHD: The Story To 16 Million & The World Of YouTube](https://youtu.be/qURieQJVZIs)

#### Podcast.ai 🤯
This is a [podcast](https://podcast.ai/) that is entirely generated by artificial intelligence. They publish weekly and have a forum where people can suggest what topics or who they want to listen to on the podcast. I think it's pretty cool but equally scary.

#### Music
I have been enjoying a lot of [Saint jhn](). I started listening to his music last year. I am currently jamming to the album: [While The World Was Burning](). It really soots the moment sometime

### Reading 📚
Weirdly I haven’t read (m)any articles online this time round although I came across this [site](https://www.readwell.xyz/) that has a collection of articles which I will definitely try and get reading.

On the bright side, I read two great books [Rework]() and [The One Thing]() thus moving my total count of books read to seven. This is not quite about the book count but rather the amount or quality of knowledge that I am adding to my brain. I am a curious lad and constantly seeking knowledge on various topics.

### Miscellaneous 
I am planning on creating a digital magazine at the end of the year for these monthly editions. I am pretty sure that there will be a few of the, nonetheless I would love to have them compiled into one and have some sort of continuity read on my [newsletter]().

Additionally, I am toying with the idea of reviewing apps that I use especially this one - Simplenote. It seems there’s a lot of gems that are not documented and I would love to share a couple of them here. I keep a list of some of these applications here just in case you're curious. 

#### KOPSPN
I added hashtags which has seen a rise to 26 followers due to the recommendation of this guy, at first I thought they were not working since they were not being highlighted on web until I checked my phone but I am looking at a way to automate this

#### New Words
- [Skiff]()
- [Bollocks]() 

### Conclusion
Once more this has been a fun and productive month. I traveled to a different district, organised a party and I went to some more parties. I picked up a new habbit and I am happy to keep the ball rolling next month.

Thank you
