# November 

> This article is still a work in progress

### Responsibilities 
Am I just lazy or incompetent? Do I tell myself these things to escape from my reality 

### Ruth

We both click then we both differ,
It’s touch yes but I’m trying maybe I’m a little bit excited. Sometimes focusing on the wrong things but sometimes trying 

We seem like coins of the same side trying to fit onto one coin which is ridiculously hard but I’m here for it. I’m trying to make it work, learning and understanding how it all unfolds. I’ve still got to fail a lot but the lessons are what I’m looking at 
We seem like coins of the same side trying to fit onto one coin which is ridiculously hard but I’m here for it. I’m trying to make it work, learning and understanding how it all unfolds. I’ve still got to fail a lot but the lessons are what I’m looking at 
I hope this doesn’t make her angry but thanks for coming into my life.

### Watching
Bel-Air
All Quiet on the Western Frontier 
Departure
Sex Education

### Reading
I’m struggling to read, I’m struggling to write 😢

[Un-Roaring 20s](https://medium.com/@ingridnaiga/un-roaring-20s-1afca90b0b95)
[Relationship Lessons](https://karthis.blog/relationship-lessons/)
[Goodbye, Data Science](https://ryxcommar.com/2022/11/27/goodbye-data-science/)

https://www.make.com/en

### Listening 

#### Podcasts 

[Growing Multiple Products to $18K/mo Revenue with Tony Dinh]()

#### Music
Stormzy got a new album out, my favorite songs are [Please](), [Give It To The Water]()

Young Thug and CB are killing it as well

Went back in time to listen to some Ella Mai, I didn’t listen to this album then but I’ve now 

### Kisoro
A trip I didn’t think I needed. The scenery is simply extraordinary 

### Nairobi 
I spent the last weekend of the month in Nairobi with a couple of colleges on what was a fun filled mission. We went go karting, shopping and generally eating out. It was a wonderful way to sum up an amazing month

I am currently looking for a go karting track in Kampala, specifically Lubowa where I'll be practicing for the next go karting championship with my friends. I can't be coming 2nd Last again.

### WC 
Wow! We've got Africa still on the map. Sadly I didn't setup fantasy I'm not sure if I'm too late or anything. I've also not caught much of the games full time because fo my schedules but the highlights give all the chills as the full game

### Misc
I’m struggling to read, I’m tiring early but this vacation is almost over

I made new friends interestingly I failed at a lot of things but that means I learned a few different ways to look at things in general

I am trying to get some SEO, I’ve not really bothered with it but it’s important for the community I’m trying to build. The next update should be optimizing SEO but I don’t want to be obsessed about it.

#### AI
I’m somewhat lost for words on this; from Notion to Replt everyone is doing something cool with artificial intelligence. I’m really happy how far we’ve come

#### New words 
- Prudence

### Conclusion 
I traveled the world, got new hobbies and made new friends. Super grateful for each experience along the way. Into December, one more to go 
