---
layout: post
---
# May

I really looked forward to the month of May. I planned for it weeks prior but unfortunately you can never be fully prepared. Here's what transpired in the month of May.

### Nairobi
I got a chance to visit Nairobi, Kenya for a developer conference. 

This was my first time traveling to Kenya and it could not have been more dramatic than how we missed the bus 😅

Brooke kept telling me how we have to be at the bus park in time as the buses are punctual. We got to the park in time, settled in and waited for the rest of the passengers until it clocked our scheduled time of departure but an hour later we were still seated; we got hungry and took a stroll unfortunately as we were grabbing a few snacks the bus set off you can imagine the look on our faces when we found the bus had set off. Panic!!! We jumped onto a Boda and after a lengthy change caught up with the bus. 😅

Uh a notice of relief and anger but we strapped in and off we went. I’d probably not been on a journey this long since Bujumbura but oh my 

I enjoyed the brief stay but I hope to spend some more time in Nairobi later this year.

A journey 10+ hours not as long as Bujumbura it was awesome. 

I had always heard great stories about Nairobi,  and it was one of my destinations this year. I’m glad it had been checked off the list. 

### PyconKE
I have always been a fun of tech events and always made it a point to represent whenever possible. This year I went to Nairobi for PyconKE. I love the Python ecosystem and I’ve always caught these events online. 

The sessions were awesome although short but very informative. I got a lot to ponder on abs learn as well. 

Thanks to Monica and the rest of the team for the great organization and hospitality, definitely bringing you to Kampala sometime soon 👏

### Men Gather Season V
I attended Men’s Gather conference; an annual men’s conference organized by Phaneroo.  It was great experience although I caught half of it online. 

One of my key take aways was to build Cathedral Vision. Most of the people who built cathedrals didn’t life to see the completion but the structures are still up until today. This is something we should exercise in our careers, life and everything we try to do. I love how he said it. 

You can catch the video here

### Mbale 📍
I took Nadia for a ride, she held up well. I was always skeptical about taking her further East or long distance but I was impressed. I gotta fix her up now and will probably save up amidst the fuel prices.

### Career
I started writing ruby and rails, it’s awesome. I am getting there I hope I can get better at it. I had never really thought of having this stack in my Arsenal but I’m glad I got it. I’m learning a lot of NodeJs as well. I hope I can get better at it too.

I saw a lot of people make a lot of money building stuff on the internet and I figured I would come up with something as well. I am currently working on charges; a web application that details how much is spent on mobile money transactions. 

### Entertainment
I haven’t caught much media but I recommended Dr Bull to someone and they loved it. I completed The blacklist S09 and I totally feel for Raymond. I thought S09 was an overkill but it turned out great. 

Halo is a beast of a series, wow just wow. I love the tech and storyline. A 10/10 for me.

I am currently watching wecrashed, a story of wework. I am sold. I watched superpumped so I expect the same enthusiasm. As a creator I expect to face the challenges some of these founders faced and I hope I can do better these documentaries really do us justice and we can pick a lot. 

---

It has been a great month, financially not so great but I made the most of it. I learned a lot, had fun and met new people. 


