---
layout: post
---

# 50

[Grit]() was the 50th article this blog. I have written more than fifty articles and I am working on migrating all of them here but since I got serious here I’ll jot down some reflections and reminders

Books, I don’t read as much anymore. It’s probably cuz of I don’t use so much of my audio devices as much but I’m working on it. Currently I’m reading the hard thing about hard things this year I planned to read about 30 books. I’ll try to hit that. It’s another opportunity 

Writing, apart from the recent days id not written on over 2 months. It’s quite tough as well but I still got it. I’m glad some experiences always get me excited and I’m compelled to write about it. 

Schedule, this has taken so many turns but the Fear is how I sleep through my most productive hours this results to my days being shorter I don’t like it

Reading, articles I mean I’ve dweeed into bookmarking lots of them instead of reading them. I’ve gotten so many open tanks and made promises to always go back but it never happens in return less motivated and less knowledgeable 

Code, I look at my charts and it’s a low probably cuz of recent downs but I’m glad I’m now working on some interesting projects and I got to keep at it

Exercises, this is such a low. I got to get back 

Podcasts, sigh i actually do miss them

I am shutting down the convertkit newsletter, I’ve not put much into it. I hav stue revue one up I hope it will have more love 

I am still leaving drafts and I hope when I read them and I don’t like them I can make changes until it’s ready

I am writing ruby now so I hope I can make some improvements here. It’s been overdue or even make a template 

Maybe I’m being hard on my self but if I’m not then I’m heading for destruction 

I hope this will act as a reminder and since we are halfway through the year I have another chance to level up. See you at 100 or sooner 😃

If you don’t mind, I would love to know what habbits you are sticking to, what has helped and what failed.
