---
layout: post
---

# June

> I am falling in love with short titles. 

Even though this essay is a little bit behind schedule compared to the others due to my severe laziness, better late than never, right?
I regret that this won't be as accurate as I had hoped, but that's the way it is.

This is a wrap up of all things I have been reading, watching, playing or listening to for the month of June.

### Watching 📺
Since recently, it's been getting harder and harder to find a show that's worthwhile to watch without feeling like it’s a waste of time. I have found myself watching a lot of YouTube (more than usual).

Fortunately, by the end of June, I had ranked a number of excellent films; 
- Black Crab
- The Wall
- The Old Man

I also stumbled across this man named Mat, who creates incredible DIY videos. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he6xyl_MHXY) is an intriguing PS5 Slim build. 


### Reading 📖 
I resumed reading and am currently rereading [The Hard Thing About Hard Things]() because I didn't quite finish it the first time.

Top reads this month:
- [Stop Hoarding Notes](https://andrewm.codes/stop-hoarding-notes/)

### Miscellaneous 🤠
Following our journey to Mbale, Nadia decided to give up after giving me quite a bit of time. Although it's rather upsetting, I suppose this is when you understand that automobiles require maintenance as well and that having them in and out of the garage costs a lot of money.

---
I'm interested in what you've been reading, watching, playing, and listening to, even if it's usually nothing exciting. You can get [in touch](https://twitter.com/stuartelimu) with me to share or talk about anything that piques your curiosity.
