---
layout: post
---

# August

This is a wrap up of all things I have been reading, watching, playing or listening to for the month of August.

### Career
I am building apps again and it feels good to be doing it again. I am exploring no code tools althought there are so many limitations on free/trial versions, I hope I can sacrifice a couple of bucks and try out pro versions. 

I am currently building something for rotary, I got an idea that I have to implement before I render it useless then see how it goes.

I managed to get [@KOPSPN](https://twitter.com/KOPSPN) back up and running for the new premier league season. It was a bit of a challenge and a fun exercise that reminded me not to give up on my personal projects. I have a few feature ideas and I can’t wait to get them working. You can [follow](https://twitter.com/KOPSPN) along on Twitter if you don’t mind and also share some feedback.

I did my final exams for my school semester. I deeply underestimated how difficult it could be to balance work and studies especially when it comes down to examinations. I hope I can get some sort of method or formula that works because I need them both.

### Watching 📺
I am still going strong with Classroom of Elite. I caught a few episodes of season four of [The Good Doctor]() unfortunately it was quite depressing since it was aired during the pandemic but it was also informative since it was portraying what the frontline workers went through. I guess I will gather my emotions and get back to it but for now I’d rather not recall the trauma.

Despite not being a huge anime fan, I decided to watch season one of [HOTD]() because I enjoy action movies, and despite its use of quarks and strange physics, I loved the show.

I managed to catch a couple of movies as well as quite a lot of [YouTube](https://youtu.be/HIz0g4gRwfY) videos to mention but a few; [Luck](), [Attack on Finland](), [Sniper: The White Raven]() 

### Reading 📖
I have arguably read almost every article that I have found interesting online. I couldn't fit all the links here so I created a separate page just for my reads this month in case it’s something that you would like to checkout. I will possibly do this each month as well, maybe it will encourage me to read much more.

I started posting the links I found interesting on Twitter with the hope that I would do something cool like pull all the links between a certain duration and maybe post them here. I am not sure yet but it seems like a fun project to take on.

Top reads this month:

- [How To Waste Your Career One Comfortable Year At A Time](https://apoorvagovind.substack.com/p/how-to-waste-your-career-one-comfortable)
Such an awesome article wow!!!
- [The days are long but the decades are short - Sam Altman]()
- [First Place, Worst Place (Some Brief Thoughts About Societal Competitions)]()
This inspired me to a challenge 
- [effort - by Ava]()
- [Advice · Patrick Collison]()
- [Your Idea Is Brilliant, Your Idea Is Worthless (KS Lesson #204) – Stonemaier Games]()

I have been inspired to write more lately thanks to all the authors who are doing a great job with their articles.

### Entertainment

The Premier League season is back. There has been quite a lot of action already and I can’t wait for the champions league as well as the World Cup. 

Fantasy Premier League is back with the return of the football season, and I believe every fantasy football fan has their own mixed feelings going into this season.

Personally, I believe I could be higher in the leagues, but there is still a long way to go in the season, so I will keep my fingers crossed. 

We have a Rotaract League which is open for anyone to join and I am open to joining other leagues around the world so if you got some room, you can shout out to me on twitter.


### Miscellaneous 🤠

https://www.wordnote.app/blog/why-i-built-dictionary-app
I came across this app which I believe is quite an interesting idea. When I went to Burundi I tried to collect a few words that I’d maybe one day recite to learn the language better. I have the pages just in case you are curious but big up. 
 
Quite interesting since I have thought about doing the same, I actually have dedicated blog pages with something similar

Lastly I found a few words to add to my(your) vocabulary
- [Zoinks]()
